Add note about Astro Environment Manager to Connections Learn guide (#3195)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections.md

- The [`airflow.cfg` file](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html)
- The [Airflow CLI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#connection-cli)

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

> Astro customers can use the [Astro Cloud UI Environment Manager](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables#astro-cloud-ui-environment-manager) to store their connections in an Astro-managed secrets backend and share them with multiple Deployments and local environments. See, [Manage Astro connections in branch-based deploy workflows](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/astro-use-case/use-case-astro-connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro users can additionally take advantage of the [Astro Cloud UI Environment Manager](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables#astro-cloud-ui-environment-manager) to store connections in an Astro-managed secrets backend. These connections can be shared across multiple deployed and local Airflow environments. See [Manage Astro connections in branch-based deploy workflows](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/astro-use-case/use-case-astro-connections).
```
Abstracted "Deployments" in case readers are not yet customers and don't know what a Deployment is
